[SPARK-57783][DOCS][R] Document the TIME data type as unsupported in SparkR (#56997)
apache/spark: docs/sql-ref-datatypes.md

  - `TimeType(precision)`: Represents values comprising values of fields hour, minute and second with the number of decimal digits `precision` following the decimal point in the seconds field, without a time-zone.
  The range of values is from `00:00:00` to `23:59:59` for min precision `0`, and to `23:59:59.999999999` for max precision `9`. The default precision is `6`.
    - Note: Apache Hive has no TIME type, so `TimeType` is not supported in Hive SerDe interop. Storing it in a Hive SerDe table (including `INSERT OVERWRITE DIRECTORY ... STORED AS`) or passing it to a Hive UDF/UDAF/UDTF raises an error rather than silently converting the value.

>     - Note: SparkR's JVM serializer handles only the legacy java.sql datetime types, so `TimeType` is not supported in SparkR as it is backed by java.time.LocalTime. Creating and collecting `TimeType` columns would raise an error.

Reviewer: Minor: "would raise an error" (conditional) is inconsistent with the adjacent Hive note directly above ("...raises an error rather than silently converting the value"), which uses the present tense. Matching it reads more definitively:

```suggestion
    - Note: SparkR's JVM serializer handles only the legacy java.sql datetime types, so `TimeType` is not supported in SparkR as it is backed by java.time.LocalTime. Creating and collecting `TimeType` columns raises an error.
```

(Non-blocking.)
